Subtitles: RaceMan
www.forom.com
* Love and marriage *
* Go together like *
* A horse and carriage *
* This I tell ya, brother *
* You can't have one *
* Without the other *
* Love and marriage *
* It's an institute *
* You can't disparage *
* Ask the local gentry *
* And they will say
It's elementary *
* Try, try, try
To separate them *
* It's an illusion *
* Try, try, try
And you will only come *
* To this conclusion *
* Love and marriage **
And for $100, name the chief
export of the United States.
Wheat.
Machinery.
Machinery is correct.
Now, which state produced
the most U.S. presidents?
Illinois.
Virginia.
Virginia is correct.
Which side of the brain
controls
analytical thinking?
The right.
The left.
The left is correct!
And we'll be right back after
this brief commercial message.
Hey, America.
Who do you call when
you don't want to cook?
Ahab's.
Ahab's is correct.
Yes. Ahab's
for fish and fowl.
Yes, opening soon
in an economically
depressed area near you.
Daddy's home. Come on.
Hi, honey. How was your day
at the shoe store?
I'll tell you
something, Peg.
Feet and the return
of warm weather
sure makes for
a deadly combination.
Well, you knew that
going in, Al.
Yeah. My back is so tight.
I wish I had
somebody to rub it.
Like a wife.
Hey, there's one now!
How about my back?
You know, Al, I work hard
all day too.
Yeah? Doing what?
Ahh!
Ohh, that feels good.
How good?
Where are the kids?
Upstairs.
What if they come down?
I'll take care of that.
Bud, Kelly!
You want to come down
and help me in the kitchen?
There. That should
buy us about 10 minutes.
Seven more
than we'll need.
Where were we?
We're here, Bundy!
Bundy, Bundy,
don't you know
you shouldn't leave
your door unlocked?
It's an invitation
to intruders.
What are they
doing here?
They're the neighborhood watch.
I invited them.
To watch this?!
Uh, hi, Peggy. Al.
I hope we're not
interrupting anything.
Nah. Just gonna have
a little sex with the wife.
What the heck.
There's always next month.
Our house was robbed
this afternoon.
Gee, that's too bad.
You wanna hand me my shirt?
What did
they steal?
Mostly small stuff.
Our radio,
Marcie's earrings,
our cameras,
our answering machine.
God only knows
who called.
Well, at least they didn't
take anything valuable.
Yeah, this time.
But I know how
these vermin think.
They take your little crap,
then come back later with
a truck for your big crap.
Not gonna happen
in my house.
I'm ready for them.
I got 50,000 volts going
through my window bars.
I got a bucket of battery acid
hanging over the back door
and I got a.30-aught-6
rigged to the front doorknob.
How do you get into
your house?
Wouldn't you
like to know?
Now, the question
before us is:
What are we gonna
do about it?
I say we hunt
the scum down,
and then we run them over
with our cars.
Then we get out
these fishhooks-
Marcie!
I'm sorry.
I don't know
what came over me.
It's just that
I feel violated.
Someone's been in my home,
in my bedroom.
I feel so helpless.
We'd all feel helpless
in your bedroom, Marce.
You got
any more beer?
No.
And in all the excitement,
I forgot to ask-
Why are you meeting
in my house?
Because our wives
didn't want you in ours.
Hi. Did I
miss anything?
You want me
back on my wife?
Not on my account.
I just wanted to say
I'm sorry you got robbed.
It wasn't me.
It was them!
Yeah, it was you.
Somebody smashed
your car windshield,
stole your radio,
and wrote "wash me"
on your hood.
My car!
They stole my radio?
Hey, Bundy.
The thieves have a point.
You really ought
to wash your car.
Get out!
Out! Out!
Pretend there's a keg
on the lawn.
Out! Out!
I can't believe
they stole my radio
right in front
of my house!
I know how you feel.
If you did, Steve,
you wouldn't be touching me.
Maybe we should
get more involved
with the
neighborhood watch.
Look. You can't depend
on anybody but yourself.
I've put this off long enough.
I'm buying a gun.
A gun is not the answer.
You can't curtail
the criminal element
by sinking
to their level.
Oh, excuse me,
Miss Let's-run-them-over
and-get-out
the-fishhooks.
I was upset.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
Yes. She wasn't
using the left,
or analytical,
portion of the brain.
I'm definitely
getting a gun.
And I'd advise you
to do the same.
Now, come on. There's got
to be a more humane way
to protect our home
and possessions.
There is.
We'll get a dog.
A good watch dog.
A dog. That's a great idea.
I've got a dog.
Buck, look!
Strangers in the house!
Kill them, Buck.
Go kill them!
Whoa, big fella.
I don't mean
a stupid dog.
I'm talking
about a real dog.
A guard dog.
A Doberman.
Steve,
first thing tomorrow,
we're going to one of
those deadly doggy places.
Yes, Al, because
we're against guns
and the violence
they stand for.
That's right. A dog.
A vicious dog
with sharp teeth
that will go
through a jugular
like a hot knife cutting through
butter on a warm, summer night-
Come along, dear.
So that the next guy who tries
to get in my bedroom uninvited
will walk out
on bloody stumps.
When was the last time
you called
to complain
about the dog?
Yesterday. But Marcie
said to stop calling.
She said the ringing
makes him bark.
Everything
Hey, Dad, it's been
two weeks,
and you haven't even
let me see the gun yet,
let alone pick off
a pigeon or two.
Bud, guns are not toys.
They are lethal weapons
and should only be handled
by responsible adults.
When Dad was practicing
his quick draws
at the TV
during Donahue-
Bud, number one,
shut up.
Number two,
it was Phil's salute
to the Huge and Fat
Women's Caucus.
Number three, there
were no bullets in the gun.
Your mother took them out
and hid them for safety reasons,
and she won't tell me where.
Guns, guns, guns.
Can't anyone talk
about me for a change?
Okay, Kelly.
Where were you last night?
So, Dad, what kind
of gun did you buy?
Coming!
Hi, Peg.
Borrow
a cup of kibble?
We ran out, and
the dog's still hungry.
What's the matter?
The neighbor's cat
didn't fill him up?
That cat was
taunting him, Al.
Gee, you two
look cute.
I can't get Al
to dress unisex at all.
This is protective gear.
You see, Bella still
hasn't accepted us
as his rightful owners.
You named that dog
after Bela Lugosi?
No. Abzug.
We thought
it was kind of cute.
But he won't
wear the hat.
Oh, listen Al,
by the way,
we want to apologize
about your fence.
What happened
to my fence?
Bella ate
through it.
Wow!
It was just
a little piece.
Yeah, not much, really.
About the size
of a human face.
Rhoades, what are we
going to do about this?
Look, we'll handle this
the same way
we dealt with
the cat incident.
Get estimates,
and we'll make it good.
Look, we know Bella
can be loud and annoying,
and the whole neighborhood
hates his guts,
but at least
he's a good protector.
Gee, Mom, that's just
what you say about Dad.
Mount up! They just
hit the Johnsons.
TV and major appliances.
We're meeting
at the Bowl and Brew
to calm
ourselves down.
Ha! See that!
They didn't
hit our place.
That's what a good dog
will do for you.
Come on.
Grab the meal and the mace.
It's time
to feed our doggy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Peg, did you
hear that?
How could I hear anything
the way you snore?
What was that?
I don't know.
Don't worry.
I'll go check.
No, Al!
Call the police.
For noise?
It might be a burglar.
Call the police.
I can't.
Kelly's on the phone.
What are you doing?
Getting my gun.
You gonna tell me
where you hid the bullets,
or are you gonna wait
till the kids
see our pictures
in the paper?
Come on, Al.
I had to hide the bullets
so Bud wouldn't find them.
Where are they?
They're in
the finger holes
of your new
bowling ball.
Oh, this is real easy, Peg.
This is much better
than keeping them handy.
Even an axe-wielding maniac
deserves an even break.
Hurry, Al!
Where's Buck?
Shouldn't he be barking?
I don't know.
You shiftless,
worthless, dirty...
Peg, stay at the top
of the stairs.
If anything happens,
get the kids,
lock yourself in a room.
And if Kelly's off the phone,
call the police.
It's coming
from the patio.
Oh, be careful.
I will.
Aah!
Okay, creep!
I see you!
Freeze,
or I'll shoot!
Oh, my God! Al! Al!
Oh!
Al, are you
all right?
Yeah.
What happened
out there?
I just shot Steve
and Marcie's dog.
How could you
shoot a dog?
He didn't look
like a dog, Peg.
All I seen were these
two yellow eyes
staring at me from the bushes
and I told him to freeze,
and then I thought it
made a move at me
and I panicked.
You couldn't tell the
difference between a dog
and a human being?
He was wearing a hat.
Kelly, honey,
I was trying
to protect our family.
That's right.
Dad did a good thing.
Can I go out
and see the body?
You're disgusting.
And you're failing
five classes.
Hey, hey,
kids.
Listen to me.
We can all learn
something from this.
What, Dad?
I don't know.
Go to bed.
Aw, Dad!
I wouldn't argue
with him, Bud.
He's already
killed once tonight.
You were
very brave, Al.
Aww...
Wasn't anything
that anybody else
with the heart of a lion
wouldn't have done.
I mean,
you should've seen me.
Yeah, I was
a little nervous,
but I got him right
between the eyes,
and I'll tell you, there's not a
lot of space between those eyes.
It was
a nice shot, Al.
You want to go
upstairs?
Yeah.
You don't suppose
that's Steve and Marcie?
Peggy, Al,
it's us!
It's them. What are you
gonna tell them?
I don't know.
But if they don't bring it up,
we don't bring it up.
Hey! Steve and Marcie.
What brings you two
crazy kids over here?
We heard a shot.
Peg, look who's here.
It's Steve and Marcie
from next door.
They heard a shot, Peg.
Are you going
to say anything tonight, Peg?
Uh...what was that
you came over here for?
We thought we heard
a shot, Al.
They thought they
heard a shot, Peg.
Did you hear a shot?
Say something, Peg!
I think if there
had been a shot,
their dog would have
started barking.
Look, guys, I'm really sorry
about that barking.
Oh, hey, forget
about that.
Listen, we're friends
and neighbors here.
We're not gonna let some
stupid dog come between us.
Why isn't
Bella barking?
I haven't heard him
in a while.
Al, tell them.
Okay.
See...
I tell you,
I really love you guys.
Do you love me,
huh?
Well...sure, Al.
You know...
Not really.
Tell them, Al.
I'm not going
to tell them anything
till they tell me
they love me.
What's
going on here?
All right.
Okay.
But you got to promise me
that you'll let me finish.
Sure, Al.
I shot your dog.
I'm finished.
Bella!
Is he...
Alive?
Yes.
No.
Where is he?
He's out in my yard.
You can't miss him.
I didn't.
You stay here.
I'm gonna check on Bella.
You shot my puppy.
Look, I'm sorry.
We had a prowler
stalking our yard.
Your dog came
to my defense.
The burglar, he took a shot
at me, and I fired back
and poor Bella
got in the way
and was killed
in the crossfire.
We only heard one shot.
It was
a simultaneous exchange.
I don't know.
It happened so fast.
It's all a blur.
You shot my dog
in the middle
of a bowel movement?
Steve, is he
really dead?
Yes, dear.
How do you know?
Number one, he didn't respond
to any of my commands.
And number two,
his brains are
in the begonias.
You killer!
Anyone for cake
or coffee?
Now, listen.
I said that I was sorry.
Let me make it
up to you.
Let me get you
another dog.
For what,
target practice?
We told them not
to get a gun.
We told you not
But you had to go out
and be Mr. Macho.
Now you've taken
an innocent life.
Now, wait a second.
This is not a defense,
but that dog was
anything but innocent.
I mean, he bit you.
He ate a cat.
Given enough time,
he'd have robbed a bank.
How much you
want for him?
$1,000.
$1,000 for a dog
that just sat there
and let me
shoot him?
You want to
get off cheap,
next time,
go plug a squirrel.
All right!
Forget the money.
You know what I want?
Yes, I do,
and you're too late.
Peg's already got him.
Your gun, Al.
Give me your gun.
All right!
I want to take it and throw it
in the Chicago river,
so it'll never
hurt anyone again.
Here.
And from now on,
we're just neighbors.
Now I know why we got
our house so cheap.
Well, that's done.
Where were we?
We were going
upstairs...
Deadeye.
Well, all done.
Old Bella's on his way
to the landfill.
It cost me $20 and a six-pack
for the garbage man.
You'd think the dollar
I give him at Christmas
would be enough.
Yeah. Oh, by the way,
I washed
your killing clothes.
Have a nice day,
honey.
Hi.
Hi, Al.
Uh, listen, uh...
Some words were said
last night,
and I just wanted you to know
we talked it over,
and we understand
you didn't do it on purpose.
You didn't do it
on purpose, did you, Al?
Steve,
I'm a pet owner myself.
Anyway, we decided to let it go
and forgive you.
Thanks, buddy.
So I guess if you'll just
give me Bella's body,
we can forget
about the whole thing.
We want to give him
a decent burial
you know, in our yard
under that big tree
where he did
his business.
Except, of course,
for that last one.
Gee, I don't know
what to say, Steve. Uh...
Yes, I do.
I can't let you do it.
See, Peg and I
talked it over
and we realized
that since I'm at fault,
I should handle
everything.
So let me take care
of all the arrangements, huh?
Well, if it'll make
you feel better,
I guess that would
be all right.
Marcie will like that.
We'll do it tonight
after work.
See you then.
Thanks, big guy.
Oh, uh...
Listen, uh...
Can you bury him
with this?
He really loved
this bone.
Sure, buddy.
Hey, Peg!
I'm late for work.
Can I ask you
to do me a little favor?
How much
for the crate?
$150.
$150?!
Al, I didn't have time
to comparison-shop.
Now I'd like
to say a few words
about the dearly
departed.
As you know,
Bella was more than a dog
to Marcie and me.
He was family.
One of us.
Bella
will be missed,
but his death
was not in vain.
He taught us about
the value of life
and that guns
and violence
are not the answer
to society's ills.
And we can take consolation
in the knowledge
that while he only lived
one year in dog's years,
he lived seven
in people years.
What a great job.
I got to
hand it to you.
That box even
feels heavy enough
to have a dog in it.
What did you put
in there anyway?
Some rocks and
your bowling ball.
But knowing
that he's...
right here...
in the back yard,
where he was
so happy,
makes us all feel
a little less grief.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org